---
description: Last updated December, 2023
---

# Disclaimers

This website is purely for information purposes and shall not be regarded as a base for investment decisions. Nothing contained in this website is to be intended as an offer, inducement, recommendation, or solicitation to buy any financial instrument and/or investment product. This website has no regard for the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any specific recipient. Certain financial instruments and investment products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered globally on an unrestricted basis and/or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information provided on this website is based on proprietary knowledge or furnished by sources considered reliable, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or completeness, nor is it intended to be a complete analysis of the financial instruments, investment products, asset class, markets, case studies, and strategies mentioned in this website. All information, opinions, forecasts, estimations, prices, values, trends, statistics and data mentioned within this website are indicative and subject to market conditions that might change in the future. All case studies are described for explanatory and illustrative purposes only. Past performances are not indicative of future results; any invested sum is subject to market risks which may result in appreciation or depreciation. Trading in cryptocurrencies and other types of crypto-assets, including but not limited to DLT-based payment, utility, and security tokens, either fungible or non-fungible (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Digital Assets"), and in derivatives or other financial products depending on Digital Assets or having Digital Assets as underlying is not suitable for all investors, and it is considered high risk. Such high risk arises from the novelty of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies, the regulatory uncertainty, the possibility of hacking, the high volatility and the information asymmetry characterising the crypto market. Investing in Digital Assets and in derivatives or other financial products depending on Digital Assets or having Digital Assets as underlying involves a high degree of risk of loss, including a possible total loss of the amount invested. Investors shall not invest in Digital Assets and in derivatives or other financial products depending on Digital Assets or having Digital Assets as underlying with funds they cannot afford to lose. Any investor is strongly encouraged to seek financial and legal advice regarding investments in Digital Assets and in derivatives or other financial products depending on Digital Assets or having Digital Assets as underlying. Cogito does not provide financial, legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon, both in general or with reference to specific client's circumstances. The ownership of any investment decision(s) shall exclusively vest with the investor after analysing all possible risk factors by exercising their independent discretion; Cogito shall not be liable or held liable for any consequences thereof.

U.S. Persons are prohibited from using these services. For the purposes herein, a "U.S. Person" shall mean any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, any partnership or corporation organised or incorporated under the laws of the United States, any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. Person, any trust of which a trustee is a U.S. Person, any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States, any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. Person, and any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States.

The tokens mentioned in this website are securities only available to professional clients in the sense of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) or the EU Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID II”) or to professional/qualified/accredited investors according to the relevant definition under the applicable law in the investor’s country of residence. Cogito does not offer tokens to retail clients.&#x20;

## Social Media Disclaimers

The information provided on our social media channels, including but not limited to posts, videos, images, comments, and shared content, is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as a basis for making investment decisions. None of the content should be construed as an offer, inducement, recommendation, or solicitation to purchase or sell any financial instrument and/or investment product.

We make no representation regarding the suitability of the content for all viewers, as it does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation, or particular needs of any individual or entity. Legal restrictions apply to certain financial instruments and investment products, which may not be available globally or to all investors.

While we strive to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the information shared, no warranty, express or implied, is given. All content is based on proprietary knowledge or sources deemed reliable, but we do not guarantee its preciseness or entirety. Market conditions, which are subject to change, influence all information, opinions, forecasts, estimations, and data mentioned.

Past performances of any financial instruments or investment products do not guarantee future results. Investments in crypto-assets and derivatives or other financial products related to crypto-assets are high-risk due to factors such as technological novelty, regulatory uncertainty, potential hacking risks, high volatility, and information asymmetry. Such investments can lead to significant losses, including total loss of invested capital.

U.S. Persons are prohibited from accessing our content. We do not offer investment advice and recommend that all potential investors seek independent financial and legal counsel before making any investment decision. The ownership of investment decisions rests entirely with the investor, and Cogito Protocol will not be liable for the consequences of such decisions.

Please be aware that the tokens mentioned on our channels are considered securities and are only available to professional clients as defined by FinSA, MiFID II, or applicable laws in the investor's country of residence. We do not offer these tokens to retail clients.
